feat(docs, styles): create html/css Divider component (#6783)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/purple-papayas-guess.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': minor
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': minor
---

> Implemented a `Divider` html/css component using tokens for styles. Divider documentation is also added to /Foundations/Typography page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implemented a `Divider` html/css component using tokens for styles. Divider documentation is also added to /Components/Divider page.
```
